{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh14040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Each folder is divided more folders, titled either by the sampling window length, or by "CV". In the folders with the sampling window lengths, there are more photos with prediction window lengths. In those folder are the graphs for the data for any particular window length and prediction length. Data charts with the suffix 10000 assigned to them are the average risk over the sampling period. In the folders labeled "CV" are files containing a 2 data charts. One of them depicts the indices where cross-validation predicts would yield the lowest portfolio risk as we move through the sampling period for every prediction length and sample length. The second chart identifies the absolute difference between the risk of the weight vector that cross-validation predicts to to be the minimum risk achievable by the filter and the the actual minimum risk achievable by using the filter. \
\
Block matrix estimators are outlined in the Batalama paper\
Block estimators are in the Batalama paper -- We have normalization issues with these\
MVDR iterative estimators are from the algorithm in the Karystinos paper
\b \
\
blockmatrix-mvdr-real:\

\b0 	Charts that show a comparison between the block estimators, block matrix estimators (both from the Batalama paper) and the MVDR iterative algorithm (Karystinos paper). The minimum variance portfolio is set as a baseline. This is done over a filter length of 20 iterations because the block and block matrix estimators become unstable after 20 or so iterations.\
\

\b blockmatrix-estimators-comp:\
	
\b0 Charts that show the performance of the block matrix estimator compared to the RMT-M and RMT-0 spectral estimators described in the "9 Estimators" paper. Additionally, the realized risk of the minimum variance portfolio, labeled "Real" is included as a baseline. This is done over a filter length of 20 iterations.
\b \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 blockmatrix-comp-si:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	
\b0 Block matrix comparative data (same as in 
\b blockmatrix-estimators-comp
\b0 )  including the single index model, which is incredibly unstable. Therefore, the other estimators do not really show up in the graphs. This is done over a filter length of 20 iterations.\

\b \
MVDRsampledata:\
	
\b0 These charts depict the performance of the MVDR iterative filter (up to 1000 iterations) in calculating risk. The minimum variance portfolio predicted by the Markowitz equations is also displayed as a baseline for the predicted and realized risks. This data shows that we can achieve lower realized risks than the minimum variance portfolio by applying the iterative MVDR filter to our sample covariance matrix. \

\b \
MVDRspectraldata:\
	
\b0 These charts depict the individual performance of the spectral estimators, sample covariance matrix, and single index model over the course of their weights altered by the MVDR iterative filter. Each type of covariance matrix estimator is depicted with the minimum variance portfolio as baseline. Each chart is in a folder titled by the covariance estimator that is depicted. This data shows how passing any covariance matrix estimator through the iterative MVDR filter yields a superior realized risk to the minimum variance portfolio
\b \
	\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 MVDRcompdata:\
	
\b0 These charts show the same data as those in the 
\b MVDRspectraldata
\b0  folder, except all the covariance matrix estimators are shown in the same chart to compare their performance after having gone through the iterative MVDR folder.}